## argparse-1.2.1.tar.gz

The argparse module makes it easy to write user friendly command line interfaces.

The program defines what arguments it requires, and argparse will figure out how to parse those out of sys.argv. The argparse module also automatically generates help and usage messages and issues errors when users give the program invalid arguments.

https://pypi.org/project/argparse/

## behave-1.2.4.tar.gz

Behavior-driven development (or BDD) is an agile software development technique that encourages collaboration between developers, QA and non-technical or business participants in a software project.

https://pypi.org/project/behave/

## ecdsa-0.13.tar.gz
This is an easy-to-use implementation of ECDSA cryptography (Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm), implemented purely in Python, released under the MIT license. With this library, you can quickly create keypairs (signing key and verifying key), sign messages, and verify the signatures. The keys and signatures are very short, making them easy to handle and incorporate into other protocols.
https://pypi.org/project/ecdsa/

## epydoc-3.0.1.tar.gz
Epydoc is a tool for generating API documentation documentation for Python modules, based on their docstrings. For an example of epydoc’s output, see the API documentation for epydoc itself (html, pdf). A lightweight markup language called epytext can be used to format docstrings, and to add information about specific fields, such as parameters and instance variables. Epydoc also understands docstrings written in reStructuredText, Javadoc, and plaintext. For a more extensive example of epydoc’s output, see the API documentation for Python 2.5.
https://pypi.org/project/epydoc/

## lockfile-0.9.1.tar.gz
Note: This package is deprecated. It is highly preferred that instead of using this code base that instead fasteners or oslo.concurrency is used instead. For any questions or comments or further help needed please email openstack-dev and prefix your email subject with [oslo][pylockfile] (for a faster response).

The lockfile package exports a LockFile class which provides a simple API for locking files. Unlike the Windows msvcrt.locking function, the fcntl.lockf and flock functions, and the deprecated posixfile module, the API is identical across both Unix (including Linux and Mac) and Windows platforms. The lock mechanism relies on the atomic nature of the link (on Unix) and mkdir (on Windows) system calls. An implementation based on SQLite is also provided, more as a demonstration of the possibilities it provides than as production-quality code.
https://pypi.org/project/lockfile/

## logilab-astng-0.20.1.tar.gz
he aim of this module is to provide a common base representation of python source code for projects such as pychecker, pyreverse, pylint… Well, actually the development of this library is essentially governed by pylint’s needs.

It provides a compatible representation which comes from the _ast module. It rebuilds the tree generated by the builtin _ast module by recursively walking down the AST and building an extended ast (let’s call it astng ;). The new node classes have additional methods and attributes for different usages. They include some support for static inference and local name scopes. Furthermore, astng builds partial trees by inspecting living objects.

Main modules are:

bases, node_classses and scoped_nodes contain the classes for the different type of nodes of the tree.
the manager contains a high level object to get astng trees from source files and living objects. It maintains a cache of previously constructed tree for quick access

https://pypi.org/project/logilab-astng/

## mock-1.0.1.tar.gz
mock is a library for testing in Python. It allows you to replace parts of your system under test with mock objects and make assertions about how they have been used.

mock is now part of the Python standard library, available as unittest.mock in Python 3.3 onwards.

This package contains a rolling backport of the standard library mock code compatible with Python 2.6 and up, and 3.3 and up.

Please see the standard library documentation for more details.
https://pypi.org/project/mock/

## paramiko-1.18.4.tar.gz
This is a library for making SSH2 connections (client or server). Emphasis is on using SSH2 as an alternative to SSL for making secure connections between python scripts. All major ciphers and hash methods are supported. SFTP client and server mode are both supported too.
https://pypi.org/project/paramiko/

## parse-1.5.3.tar.gz
Parse strings using a specification based on the Python format() syntax.
https://github.com/greenplum-db/pythonsrc-ext

## psutil-4.0.0.tar.gz
psutil is a module providing an interface for retrieving information on all running processes and system utilization (CPU, disk, memory) in a portable way by using Python, implementing many functionalities offered by command line tools such as: ps, top, df, kill, free, lsof, free, netstat, ifconfig, nice, ionice, iostato, iotop, uptime, tty.

It currently supports Linux, Windows, OSX and FreeBSD both 32-bit and 64-bit with Python versions from 2.4 to 3.3 by using a single code base.
https://github.com/greenplum-db/pythonsrc-ext

## pycrypto-2.6.1.tar.gz
This is a collection of both secure hash functions (such as SHA256 and RIPEMD160), and various encryption algorithms (AES, DES, RSA, ElGamal, etc.). The package is structured to make adding new modules easy. This section is essentially complete, and the software interface will almost certainly not change in an incompatible way in the future; all that remains to be done is to fix any bugs that show up
https://pypi.org/project/pycrypto/

## pylint-0.21.0.tar.gz
Pylint is a Python static code analysis tool which looks for programming errors, helps enforcing a coding standard, sniffs for code smells and offers simple refactoring suggestions.

It’s highly configurable, having special pragmas to control its errors and warnings from within your code, as well as from an extensive configuration file. It is also possible to write your own plugins for adding your own checks or for extending pylint in one way or another.
https://pypi.org/project/pylint/

## setuptools-36.6.0.tar.gz
Setuptools is a fully-featured, actively-maintained, and stable library designed to facilitate packaging Python projects, where packaging includes:

Python package and module definitions
Distribution package metadata
Test hooks
Project installation
Platform-specific details
Python 3 support

https://pypi.org/project/setuptools/

## unittest2-0.5.1.tar.gz
unittest2 is a backport of the new features added to the unittest testing framework in Python 2.7 and onwards. It is tested to run on Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and pypy.

https://pypi.org/project/unittest2/


